release: Update changelog prior to v1.0.0 release (#364)
elastic/ecctl: docs/release_notes/v1.0.0.adoc

* `ecctl platform deployment-template` is now `ecctl deployment template`.
--

> * *--apikey flag has been renamed to --api-key.* To keep ecctl in sync with our documentation, the `--apikey` command line flag has been renamed to `--api-key`, not only affecting the flag name but also the environment variable from `EC_APIKEY` to `EC_API_KEY`, and the configuration setting in a file from `apikey`to `api_key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Renamed API key functionality.* To keep ecctl in sync with our documentation, the following items were renamed:
+
--
* The `--apikey` command line flag is now `--api-key`.
* The environment variable `EC_APIKEY`  is now `EC_API_KEY`.
* The setting `apikey` used in configuration files is now `api_key`.
--
```

(Since multiple items were renamed, I would suggest using a bulleted list for ease of reading.)
